W-16588651 AEH PBV release jh (#52)
mulesoft/docs-api-experience-hub: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-apis.adoc

* *APIs in the portal* 
+

> Shows the APIs that have been added to your portal. Administrators can only add APIs for which they have the Exchange Viewer permission. For more information, see xref:assigning-administrator-permissions.adoc[Assigning Administrator Permissions]. When APIs are added to the portal, all administrators are automatically assigned the Exchange Viewer permission. The default visibility for the APIs is Administrators. The administrator of the portal can change this visibility for each API in the *APIs in the portal* tab. These APIs can also be removed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows the APIs that have been added to your portal. Administrators can only add APIs for which they have the Exchange Viewer permission. For more information, see xref:assigning-administrator-permissions.adoc[Assigning Administrator Permissions]. When APIs are added to the portal, all administrators are automatically assigned the Exchange Viewer permission. By default, the visibility of the APIs is set to Administrators. The administrator of the portal can change this visibility for each API in the *APIs in the portal* tab. These APIs can also be removed. 
```

> Shows the APIs that have been added to your portal. Administrators can only add APIs for which they have the Exchange Viewer permission. For more information, see xref:assigning-administrator-permissions.adoc[Assigning Administrator Permissions]. When APIs are added to the portal, all administrators are automatically assigned the Exchange Viewer permission. By default, the visibility of the APIs is set to Administrators. The administrator of the portal can change this visibility for each API in the *APIs in the portal* tab. These APIs can also be removed. 

Reviewer 2: Do you need the hard-coded link text here?

Can you break up this paragraph into several?

> Shows the APIs that have been added to your portal. Administrators can only add APIs for which they have the Exchange Viewer permission. For more information, see xref:assigning-administrator-permissions.adoc[Assigning Administrator Permissions]. When APIs are added to the portal, all administrators are automatically assigned the Exchange Viewer permission. By default, the visibility of the APIs is set to Administrators. The administrator of the portal can change this visibility for each API in the *APIs in the portal* tab. These APIs can also be removed. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Shows the APIs that have been added to your portal. Administrators can add only those APIs for which they have Exchange Viewer permission. For more information, see xref:assigning-administrator-permissions.adoc[Assigning Administrator Permissions]. All administrators are automatically assigned the Exchange Viewer permission for all APIs added to the portal. By default, the visibility of the APIs is set to Administrators. The portal administrator can change the visibility or remove APIs in the *APIs in the portal* tab. 
```

. From the *API management* page, select the *APIs in Exchange* tab.
. To search for an API by name or description, enter the name or description into the *Search* bar.

> . Locate the API in the list, click *+ (Add to the portal)*.

Reviewer 2: Does the UI really have "the" in the text? (ew)

Author: At that time, yes. Dev just got around to changing this for the GA.

+
The API displays in the list in the *APIs in the portal* tab.

== Remove APIs from the Portal
To remove APIs from your portal:

. From the *API management* page, select the *APIs in the portal* tab.

> . To search for an API, enter the name, description, category, or tag keyword into the *Search* box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. To search for an API, enter the name, description, category, or tag keyword in the *Search* box.
```

> . Locate the API in the list and click the trash can (Remove from the portal).

Reviewer 2: The previous icon had the parenthetical description in bold.

. Click *Confirm*.
+
In the *APIs in the portal* tab, the API is removed from the list.

== Make API Versions Visible
By default, when you add a new API, the minor version shared with an Administrator is the latest version of the API. The API instance visibility is set to Public instances. Only the API instances that are public in Exchange are available for end-users to request access to them.

You can manage which version of an API a user can view in your portal. You can set the visibility to Administrators, Members and user groups, Guests, or None.

* Administrators 
+
Use this option if you want the version to be seen by the portal administrator only.
* Members 
+ 
Use this option if you want the version to be seen only by logged-in members or specific user groups.
* Guests
+
Use this option if you want the version to be publicly available to anyone.

* None
+

> Don't select any users if you don't want the version to be seen by anyone.

Reviewer 2: Can you reword to be positive?
Select no users to hide the version from everyone?

If the visibility is Guests, Members, or user groups, consumer developers can see the new API version in the API Carousel of the portal.

To edit the user visibility that displays for an API:

. From the *API management* page, select *APIs in Portal*.

> . To search for an API, enter the name, description, category, or tag keyword into the *Search* box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. To search for an API, enter the name, description, category, or tag keyword in the *Search* box.
```

Reviewer 2: Consider making this a partial?
